#1.Introduction
A hybrid European basket-spread option is a financial derivative, whose
maturity is given by the difference (the so called spread) between two 
baskets of aggregated and weighted underlying asset prices. In mathematical terms it's pay-off is given by 
the formula: 
P(S,T) = max(Sum wi*Si(T) - Sum wj*Sj(T) - K, 0) (*1)
where Si is the ith underlying asset price, wi the weight and K is the strike price.
Basket-spread options play an important role in hedging a portfolio of correlated long and short
positions in the underlying assets. Especially they are very common in commodity markets,
as producers are exposed to risks arising from spreads between feedstock and end products.
Basket-spread options are traded over-the-counter and on exchanges. Since there is no
closed-form solution available for the fair price it is inescapable to have an accurate and
fast approximation method at hand to price basket-spread options. The multi-dimensionality and
hence the lack of a marginal distribution for the basket-spread makes it impossible to give an exact
analytical representation for the price (even in the simplest and most famous Black-Scholes setting
where the asset price is driven by a geometric Brownian motion). Numerical approaches such 
as Monte Carlo methods or PDE methods become very slow and hence inpracticble as the number of underlyings increases. 
Therefore I closely look at two different basket-spread option pricing methods which have been 
introduced by S.Deng, M.Li, and J.Zhou [1] and by G.Deelstra, A.Petkovic and M.Vanmaele [2]. According to the authors both the second-order
boundary approximation method [1,Chap.3,Prop.5] and the hybrid moment matching method associated to the improved comonotonic upper bound (HybMMICUB)
[2,Chap.3,Prop.5] are considered to be extremely fast and accurate. Therefore I implement both methods in MATLAB
and compare their numerical performances as a function of the basket spread characteristics. 
Nothe that the HybMMICUB method also includes approximations for a pay-off of Asian type but to do
a consistent comparison I focus on a pay-off of European type as stated above (*1). As a comparison 
benchmark I estimate the true prices with Monte Carlo simulations implemented in MATLAB.

